# ARIMA-Time-Series-Analysis-for-Netflix-Series-13-Reasons-Why-
I used R library “gtrendsR” to extract google trend data for the word suicide used with all other words except squad. I selected geological region as United States and picked dates from 01/15/2017 to 04/18/2017. Then, I created data frame containing just two columns data and hits and split it into two part train data which contains data from 01/15/2017 to 03/30/2017 and test data from 03/31/2017 to 04/18/2017. Using ggplot, I created time-series plot for training data and testing data by utilizing date and hits columns. After that I converted both training and testing data-frame into time series for seasonality-trend decomposition. Then, I checked if the data is non-stationary and determined number of differences needed to make time-series non-seasonal by using ndiffs() function in R. But, there was no such requirements. I plotted autocorrelation and partial autocorrelation plot using acf() and pacf() function in R to determine the value for p and q order for ARIMA model. For ACF, the lag series decayed after two lags and in case of PACF, it decayed after one lag. Hence, I choose p order as 2, q order as 1 and d order 0 as there was no need to implement differences because data was stationary. Using, predict function I forecasted time-series from 03/31/2017 to 04/18/2018 on fitted ARIMA model with (2,0,1) p, d, q order. I plotted the predicted values against test dataset using ggplot2 visualization which is shown below. I calculated that the average values of test data were 19% higher than average predicted values. Also, the real value on 18th April, 2017 was 43% higher than forecasted value. 

